In France in 1942, a young Jewish woman named Lna is interned by the Vichy authorities and faces the risk of deportation to Nazi Germany. Michel, one of the guards, offers to save her by marrying her. They escape on foot over the Alps to Italy. After the war, they settle in Lyon, where Michel opens a garage and Lna has two daughters with him. At a school event, she meets another mother, Madeleine, who is married with one son. The two women become close friends, and their husbands also get along, although both men secretly feel jealous of the bond their wives share.
 
**Download ✑ ✑ ✑ [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PJu](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PJu)**


 
Madeleine has a brief affair with her former art teacher, for which Lna lends her flat. Unfortunately, Michel comes home at lunchtime and discovers the guilty couple. This turns him against Madeleine and strains Lna's friendship with her. The two women had been planning to open a dress shop, and Michel offers to finance it on the condition that Madeleine is excluded, as she has gone off to Paris. Taking a night train to visit her, Lna has a sexual encounter with a soldier, her first experience apart from Michel, which she finds very enjoyable. In Paris, the two women dance, get drunk in a nightclub, and end up in bed together.
 
However, Lna fails to realise the fragility of Madeleine, who is eventually placed in a mental hospital and later released to the care of her parents. When Lna visits her, she takes Madeleine out to show her the new dress shop. Unfortunately, Michel drops by and upon seeing Madeleine there, he smashes the place up. Lna takes Madeleine and their children away to a rented house by the sea, where Michel tries to reconcile with her but without success. The end caption reveals that Lna never sees her husband again, and Madeleine dies two years later.

Les Bouquinistes, a Napa Valley field blend, is one of the most intriguing wines within the Coup de Foudre family of wines. Dark, youthful color, almost opaque. The nose offers ripe crushed berry notes with hints of tart pomegranate and sweet floral spice. The palate is full of energy, showcasing layers of red and black fruit flavors with the right amount of tannins and acidity. This is a gorgeous wine.
 
"Years before John Schwartz founded Amuse Bouche Winery in the Napa Valley, he found himself at a French fte trying to woo the woman who would become his wife. Unfortunately, while John was off refilling his Malibu and fruit juice, a bon vivant named Serge had moved in on his girl. When he later asked his sweetheart what that ""other man"" could possibly have said to make her swoon upon meeting, she told him, ""he held my hands and asked if I believed in coup de foudre."" Coup de Foudre. Pronounced ""koo dah food rah."" It's a lightning strike, that love at first sight moment you want to capture forever. We don't know if John's pulling our leg with his story. We do know that John and his business partner Danielle Price both dreamed of crafting a portfolio of wines for celebrating the magical moments and people in our lives. Trust us, when John sells you on his ""love conquers all"" ideology, it feels anything but cheesy."
 
By extension you can also have **un coup de foudre** for a place - such as a city or a country - or an artwork, or pretty much anything that caused such an intense and sudden emotion that you found yourself as if "electrified."
 
Up until the early 18th century, **un coup de foudre** had been in use figuratively to describe an unexpected and usually unpleasant event which generated a lot of amazement. As romanticism gained momentum throughout the 18th century, the expression became increasingly used in relation to the matters of the heart. With lightning representing both speed and fire, and fire being a common symbol for passion, the metaphor soon became a favorite for poets and writers depicting the sudden and violent emotion one felt when cupidon's arrow struck. Interestingly, the idiom didn't immediately loose its negative connotation - in truth, the mysteries of romanticism would require feeling chronically tormented - the more, the better - and preferably for love. Nowadays, however, you can safely tell your Valentine **tu es mon coup de foudre**; no one will see anything but a happy event in it, tinged with a feeling of wonder, perhaps.
 
Fancy a weekend alone, as a couple or with family? You want to please and gift an unusual and enticing stay? Don't hesitate any longer and book or gift one of our Destination Saumur Val de Loire weekends and stays.
 
I gazed down at the illuminated pink-and-white chessboard plaza in front of the Department of the Treasury, across from the hotel. I had passed over these tiles only a few hours before, en route to my appointment with the undersecretary. We had commiserated over the grim European numbers, aware that several lines of power ran, crackling, through his office, which looked out on a garden in which the geraniums and roses were in full bloom, and that this power was at our disposal if only we had the courage to use it. The power was still there tonight. I had sent a preliminary proposal to Timothy Geithner.
 
Few downfalls in public life have been as well documented as mine. Electronic key cards recorded every time the door to my New York hotel suite was opened from the corridor and by whom, whether guest or staff member. Security cameras in the lobby, corridors, and employee areas tracked the movements of every person in the building. The time and duration of each phone call I made was logged. The timeline of my descent has been established right down to the second of impact. I have it before me, along with several books and investigative articles on the case and a floor plan of the suite.
 
Angela would claim the constitution forbids the German government to lend beyond parliamentary control, but there were ways to get around that. I had studied the relevant articles and consulted with friends in the Berlin judiciary. I had spoken, behind her back, with the power brokers in her party. I knew I could bring the banks on board and sell it to the other European leaders. Everything was manageable, as soon as that stolid, dreary woman was ready to exercise the power with which she had been invested.
 
The thought tormented me: I was on a tight schedule. I was getting into New York late and meeting my friend Claudette. I had some phone appointments Saturday morning and lunch with my daughter at noon, and then I had to catch the 4:40 p.m. flight to Paris. From Paris on Sunday, after stopping home to see my wife, I was flying on to Berlin. I did not need any entanglements right now. The girl was still appealing, though. That turn away from me, on her pretty red heels, showing the curve of her delicate behind, could have been an act of deliberate coquetry. I loved that. You must wonder how I could be so smart and yet think so recklessly.
 
The VIP concierge was waiting for me, beaming. I suppose you know her. I acquired her first name from the enameled bijou pinned a few inches north-northwest of her pert right breast. Her left seemed quite pert, too, by the way.
 
I was aware that this courtesy was obligatory, but it could have been something else too. In the course of our noiseless, lubricated ascent to the twenty-eighth floor, I let her know she was being appraised. She smiled in return, showing those winsome dimples again, and I thought to myself, a possibility.
 
But when we arrived at my floor and entered the presidential suite, the woman proved elusive. She walked me through the living room, the dining room, the kitchen, and the bedroom and demonstrated the function of the wide-screen television, and every time I tried to block her she passed around me as if I were not there at all. Before I could close the door to the suite, she wished me a pleasant stay and left, without giving away the slightest suggestion of haste.
 
I wondered if there was significance in her recollection of my last visit. The room-service or housekeeping staff may have talked. Mariama, you may have heard certain rumors, too, or started them, if you were the housekeeper assigned to clean the suite. That rainy March morning, even with the women gone, enough underthings had been left behind to stock a small boutique. I recalled now that here in the dining room, not once getting up from her knees, Claudette had fellated three of us, one right after the other.
 
I checked my messages, washed up, and looked at my messages again. Queries flooded my inbox from finance ministries all over the world. I answered the most urgent of them with assurances that I would address every issue in Berlin.
 
I descended to the lobby, ignoring the concierge, and went into the street, into the lusty New York springtime. It was eight p.m. and the sidewalks coursed with alluring women of all races. They met my searching eyes. Some were unaccompanied. I had no plan for these hours, but every moment of eye contact, every wordless exchange, provoked another review of possible strategies and tactics.
 
My whereabouts from eight until early Saturday morning would remain undiscovered by the prosecutor, who may not have been interested in them anyway. They were, for me, hours of a rather typical New York evening. I meandered, my turn at each corner dependent on the direction of the walk sign. I bought a hot dog with sauerkraut and relish. I gave directions to a lost backpacker. Tearing off a piece of the frank, I smiled appreciatively at two women in short spring coats, meeting their husbands I guess, well made up for their Friday-night dates. Their smiles in return were blindingly full-toothed. I was casting my line, mostly out of restlessness, knowing that I would be seeing Claudette soon enough, yet also keen to determine what else was within range of my barbed hook.
 
I know something about scarves, and in fact the 