
 
The original *Mortal Kombat* arcade game spawned a franchise consisting of action-adventure games, a comic book series, a card game, films, an animated TV series, and a live-action tour. *Mortal Kombat* has become the best-selling fighting game franchise worldwide and one of the highest-grossing media franchises of all time.
 
**Download File ››››› [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PiY](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PiY)**


 
The series has a reputation for high levels of graphic violence, including, most notably, its fatalities, which are finishing moves that kill defeated opponents instead of knocking them out. Controversies surrounding *Mortal Kombat*, in part, led to the creation of the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) video game rating system. Early games in the series were noted for their realistic digitized sprites and an extensive use of palette swapping to create new characters. Following Midway's bankruptcy, the *Mortal Kombat* development team was acquired by Warner Bros. Entertainment and re-established as NetherRealm Studios.
 
The original three games and their updates, *Mortal Kombat* (1992), *Mortal Kombat II* (1993), *Mortal Kombat 3* (1995), *Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3* (1995), and *Mortal Kombat Trilogy* (1996), are 2D fighting games. The arcade cabinet versions of the first two used a joystick and five buttons: high punch, low punch, high kick, low kick, and block; *Mortal Kombat 3* and its updates added a sixth "run" button.[1] Characters in the early *Mortal Kombat* games play virtually identically to one another, with the only major differences being their special moves.[2] Through the 1990s, the developer and publisher Midway Games kept their single-styled fighting moves with four attack buttons for a different array of punches, kicks and blocks. *Mortal Kombat 4* was the first Mortal Kombat game in which the characters could move in three dimensions and the first to use 3D computer graphics. From *Deadly Alliance* to *Mortal Kombat: Deception*, characters had three fighting styles per character: two unarmed styles, and one weapon style.[3] While most of the styles used in the series are based on real martial arts, some are fictitious.[4] Goro's fighting styles, for example, are designed to take advantage of the fact that he has four arms. For *Armageddon*, fighting styles were reduced to a maximum of two per character (generally one hand-to-hand combat style and one weapon style) due to the sheer number of playable characters.[5] *Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe* dropped multiple fighting styles for most characters in favor of giving each character a wider variety of special moves[6][7] 2011's *Mortal Kombat* returned to a single 2D fighting plane, although characters are rendered in 3D;[8] unlike previous *Mortal Kombat* games, each of the controller's four attack buttons corresponds to one of the character's limbs, the buttons thus becoming front punch, back punch, front kick and back kick ("front" indicates the limb that is closer to the opponent, and "back" indicates the limb that is farther away from the opponent).

*Mortal Kombat: Deception* and *Mortal Kombat: Armageddon* feature "Konquest", a free-roaming action-adventure mode. Both games include distinct minigame modes such as "Chess Kombat", an action-strategy game. Two other bonus minigames, "Puzzle Kombat" inspired by *Puzzle Fighter* and "Motor Kombat" inspired by *Mario Kart*, feature super deformed versions of *Mortal Kombat* characters.[1] The games contain various unlockable content and hidden cheats.[9]
 
One of the most notable features of the *Mortal Kombat* series is its brutal and gruesome finishing moves, known as "Fatalities". The basic Fatalities are finishing moves that allow the victorious characters to end a match by murdering their defeated, defenseless opponent.[12] Usually Fatalities are exclusive to each character, the exception being *Mortal Kombat: Armageddon*, which instead features Kreate-A-Fatality, a feature that allows players to perform their own Fatalities by conducting a series of violent moves chosen from a pool that is common to all characters.[1][13]
 
Other finishing moves in the various *Mortal Kombat* games include Animalities (introduced in *Mortal Kombat 3*), in which the victor turns into an animal to violently finish off the opponent;[14] Brutality (introduced in *Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3*) which consists of bashing the opponent into pieces with a long combo of hits; and Stage Fatalities/Death Traps (introduced in the original *Mortal Kombat* Pit Stage where the victor can uppercut their opponent off of the platform into a bed of spikes below, later made more difficult in *Mortal Kombat II* by requiring a character-specific button sequence) utilizing parts of certain stages to execute a lethal finishing move (such as a pool of acid). *Mortal Kombat: Deception* added the Hara-Kiri, a move that allows the loser to perform a suicidal finishing move, giving way to a potential race between both players to see if the winner can finish off their opponent before they can kill themselves.[12][15]
 
There are two non-violent finishing moves in the series, which were introduced in *Mortal Kombat II* as a satire to controversies surrounding *Mortal Kombat*:[12] Friendship moves, which result in a display of friendship towards the enemy instead of slaughter,[16] and Babalities, which turn the opponent into a baby.[16][14]
 
The series takes place in a fictional universe consisting of numerous realms which, according to in-game backstories, were created by an ancient, preternatural and ethereal pantheon of eternal supreme beings known as the Elder Gods. The *Mortal Kombat: Deception* manual described six of the realms as: "Earthrealm, home to such legendary heroes as Liu Kang, Kung Lao, Sonya Blade, Johnny Cage, and Jax Briggs, and under the protection of the Thunder God Raiden; Netherrealm, the fiery depths of which are inhospitable to all but the most vile, a realm of demons and shadowy warriors such as Quan Chi and Noob Saibot; Outworld, a realm of constant strife which Emperor Shao Kahn claims as his own; Seido, the Realm of Order, whose inhabitants prize structure and order above all else; the Realm of Chaos, whose inhabitants do not abide by any rules whatsoever, and where constant turmoil and change are worshiped; and Edenia, which is known for its beauty, artistic expression, and the longevity of its inhabitants."[17][18] The Elder Gods decreed that the denizens of one realm could only conquer another realm by defeating the defending realm's greatest warriors in ten consecutive martial arts tournaments, called Mortal Kombat.
 
The first *Mortal Kombat* game takes place in Earthrealm (Earth) where seven different warriors with their own reasons for entering the tournament with the prize being the continued freedom of their realm under threat of a takeover by Outworld. Among the established warriors were Liu Kang, Johnny Cage, and Sonya Blade. With the help of the thunder god Raiden, the Earthrealm warriors were victorious, and Liu Kang became the new champion of Mortal Kombat.[19] In *Mortal Kombat II*, unable to deal with his minion Shang Tsung's failure, Outworld Emperor Shao Kahn lures the Earthrealm warriors to Outworld for a do-over, winner-take-all tournament, where Liu Kang eventually defeats Shao Kahn. By the time of *Mortal Kombat 3*, Shao Kahn merged Edenia with his empire and revived its former queen Sindel in Earthrealm, combining it with Outworld as well. He attempts to invade Earthrealm, but is ultimately defeated by Liu Kang once more. After the Kahn's defeat, Edenia was freed from his grasp and returned to a peaceful realm, ruled by Princess Kitana. The following game, *Mortal Kombat 4*, features the fallen elder god Shinnok attempting to conquer the realms and kill Raiden. He is defeated by Liu Kang.
 
In *Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance*, the evil sorcerers Quan Chi and Shang Tsung join forces to conquer the realms, killing series protagonist Liu Kang in the process. By *Mortal Kombat: Deception*, after several fights, the sorcerers emerge victorious, having killed most of Earthrealm's warriors until Raiden steps forth to oppose them. The Dragon King Onaga, former ruler of Outworld, returned to merge all realms back together, but was eventually defeated by the game's protagonist, Shujinko.[20]
 
In *Mortal Kombat: Armageddon*, the titular catastrophe begins. Centuries before the first *Mortal Kombat*, Queen Delia foretold the realms would be destroyed because the power of all of the realms' warriors would rise to such greatness that it would overwhelm and destabilize the realms, triggering a destructive chain of events. King Argus had his sons, Taven and Daegon, put into incubation so one day they can be awakened to save the realms from Armageddon by defeating a firespawn known as Blaze. In the end, Shao Kahn is the one who defeats Blaze and wins the war, causing Armageddon.[21]
 
The crossover *Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe* does not share continuity with the other games. After the simultaneous defeats of both Shao Kahn and the alien warlord Darkseid in the DC Universe causes both villains to fuse into the entity "Dark Kahn", both the *Mortal Kombat* and DC Universes begin to merge. This brings the warriors and heroes into conflicts after suffering bouts of uncontrollable rage. The heroes and villains of both universes repeatedly battle each other, believing each other to be responsible for the catastrophe, until only Raiden and Superman remain. The two confront Dark Kahn and team up to defeat their common foe. After Dark Kahn's defeat, the two realms defuse, with Shao Kahn and Darkseid trapped in each other's universes to face eternal imprisonment.
 
In the 2011 *Mortal Kombat* soft reboot, the battle of *Armageddon* culminated in only two survivors: Shao Kahn and Raiden. On the verge of death by the former's hand, t