Engaging with some of the central issues in the sociology of religion, this volume investigates the role and significance of churches and religion in contemporary Western and Eastern Europe. Based on an extensive international research project, it offers case studies of various countries (including Finland, Ireland, Portugal, Germany, Poland, Russia, Estonia, Hungary and Croatia), as well as cross-country comparisons. Researching more precisely the present social relevance of church and religion at different levels, The Social Significance of Religion in the Enlarged Europe raises and responds to both descriptive and explanatory questions: Can we observe tendencies of religious decline in the various Western and Eastern European countries? Are we witnessing trends of religious individualization? To what extent has there been a religious upswing in the last few years? And what are the factors causing the observed processes of religious change? Marked by its broad range of data and a coherent conceptual framework, in accordance with which each chapter assesses the extent to which three important theoretical approaches in the sociology of religion - secularization theory, the market model of religion, and the individualization thesis - are applicable to the data, this book will be of interest to scholars of sociology, politics and religion exploring religious trends and attitudes in contemporary Europe.
 
Detlef Pollack is Professor of Sociology of Religion at Wilhelms-University Mnster, Germany. Olaf Mller is Research Associate at the Institute for Sociology at Wilhelms-University Mnster, Germany. Gert Pickel is Professor of Sociology of Religion at the Institute for Practical Theology, University of Leipzig, Germany.
 
**Download >>> [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PKq](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PKq)**


 
The platformization of communication architectures is accompanied by a diversification of individual media use and an erosion of clear structural boundaries between different streams of public exchange. Nevertheless, it is by now evident that the digital transfor-mation does not lead to a general loss of relevance of journalistic services or mass-received content per se and that selection thresholds remain in public communication despite increased connectivity. Against this backdrop, this paper argues that it is still instructive to describe the negotiation of public visibility as a multi-level process, which is now essentially shaped by the peculiarities of digital platforms: First, it examines the increasing platform orientation in media diffusion. Second, it discusses the associated diversification of individual media repertoires and the pluralization of public exchange. Then, the paper elaborates on three basic levels of public communication characterized by a heterogenous interplay of social and technical structuring services.
 
What are plurals and examples?","acceptedAnswer":"@type":"Answer","text":"Plurals are forms of nouns that refer to more than one. For example, "one dog" uses a singular form **dog, while "three dogs" uses the plural form dogs. "},"@type":"Question","name":"What are plurals?","acceptedAnswer":"@type":"Answer","text":"Plurals are forms of words (usually nouns) that refer to multiple items of the nouns being discussed. For example, tables, violinists, corpora and data are all plural forms of nouns.","@type":"Question","name":"How do you use plural?","acceptedAnswer":"@type":"Answer","text":"You can use the term "plural" in a sentence to refer to something that is 'more than one.' "Plural" also describes forms of nouns that refer to more than one of their namesake. ","@type":"Question","name":"What is a plural in a sentence example?","acceptedAnswer":"@type":"Answer","text":"The singular noun leaf is altered to leaves for its plural form. An example of the plural form in a sentence could be:The leaves were falling from the trees quickly now that the summer was over.","@type":"Question","name":"What are the different types of plurals?","acceptedAnswer":"@type":"Answer","text":"Plural nouns can be separated into either regular or irregular plurals. Regular plural nouns occur when an -S is added onto the singular form. Irregular plural nouns are divided into different categories depending on the ending letters of the singular form. Each ending has it's own rules regarding pluralization. There are also some plurals that have the same form as their singular counterparts."]} #ab-fullscreen-popup  display: none; Find study contentLearning Materials**
 
When creating a piece of writing, there are many rules to follow to ensure your spelling and grammar remain correct. Spellings can provide lots of places for us to trip up - especially when it comes to plurals. Not to worry, though! In this article, we'll have a look at different aspects of plurals, including:
 
**Nouns**are initially considered in their singular form and are modified to become plurals. This process is referred to as **pluralization.**The pluralization process most commonly involves adding suffixes (e.g., -s); however, the process can differ between different types of nouns.
 
You might notice that some of these words have been pluralized in different ways. This is because they are different types of plural nouns (e.g., regular, irregular, or zero) and therefore follow different rules to create plural forms.
 
Irregular plural nouns are nouns that don't follow the regular rule of adding an '-s'. There are many different rules for creating irregular plurals, each depending on what letters the singular word ends in. Let's look at some of the most important rules now.

Words ending with '-o' can follow both regular and irregular plural rules, ending either in '-s' or '-es'. Unfortunately, there are no set rules to which words end with which affix, and they simply need to be learned.
 
The final rule for pluralizing irregular nouns applies to words that end in either '-ex' or '-ix.' In these cases, the endings are replaced with '-ices' to create a plural. Here are some words that have these endings:
 
Plural nouns can be separated into either regular or irregular plurals. Regular plural nouns occur when an -S is added onto the singular form. Irregular plural nouns are divided into different categories depending on the ending letters of the singular form. Each ending has it's own rules regarding pluralization. There are also some plurals that have the same form as their singular counterparts.
 
I took grades in Philosophy, Universidad del Salvador 1991; Theology, Universidad del Salvador 2007; Master in Social Science, Universidad Nacional de Cordoba 2001; Ph.D. in Social Sciences, Universidad de Buenos Aires 2011.
 
I am a sociologist of religion, with a particular focus on the interaction between religion and modernity in Latin America. I look for new ways to explore and understand religious practices beyond established categories and theoretical frameworks. In sociology there are two dominant theoretical approaches to the relationship between religion and modernity: secularization (basically stating that the more modern societies are necessarily less religious) and religious markets (modernity gives rise to religious diversity and more religion).
 
In spite of their differences, and the many nuances within each of them, these approaches are both based on the assumption that the historical particularities of North Atlantic societies (either Europe or the United States) are universally applicable to the rest of the world. I argue that this overlooks key dynamics of Latin American religiosity. I show that when we look beyond the categories sociology has been using to define religion, we see that modernity has definitively changed religion in Latin America-but that religion is nevertheless alive and present in everyday life. If we pay attention to everyday practices, we discover that the interaction of religion and modernity in Latin America differs from the one that developed in the North Atlantic world. You can learn more about this project here.
 
In my classes, I have three main pedagogical principles. First, I expect students to develop critical and analytical skills. Second, I think students bear the burden of the work. I understand my role as a teacher and mentor as a guiding one in their journey, providing engaging readings, posing questions, challenging assumptions, encouraging their quest for social justice. But they are the ones who have to do the job. Third, ongoing evaluation and adaptation of the syllabus; every semester I ask for feedback from students, TAs, and my own perception and adapt the classes according to that assessment.
 
To paraphrase Mark Twain, the rumors of the death of religion were highly exaggerated. Through the 1960s a host of sociologists and pundits had predicted the slow disappearance of religious faith and the certain emergence of secularization in its stead. Simply stated, as mankind matured, religion would no longer serve the most pressing needs of a modern society. Modernity would lead to plurality, plurality would lead to pluralism and then to relativism, making any kind of religious or moral certainly unlikely.
 
How did the earlier sociologists get it wrong? Certainly ideology played a role. Prescription is not far behind description in some cases. Sociology as a discipline owes much to Auguste Comte, whose eschatology included moving from ages of superstition to an age of science, followed by Utopia. Analytically, though, sociologists made a major mistake when they assumed that pluralization always leads to secularization. The logic seemed impeccable. In a globalizing world, the sheer volume of people living close together with neighbors who do not share their religious or cultural backgrounds was supposed to predict two trends: (1) the complete privatization of religion, thus its impotence in the public square, and (2) a lowest 