
 
*Underworld* tells the story of Selene (Kate Beckinsale) a Death Dealer bent on destroying the lycans who allegedly killed her family. She discovers that the lycans are pursuing a human, Michael Corvin, for experimentation; Selene captures Michael herself to find out what the lycans are up to. Along the way, Selene not only discovers a mutinous plot to destroy the vampire Elders, but also a shocking revelation about her father figure Elder, Viktor.
 
It is revealed in the film that Alexander Corvinus is the first of the vampire and lycan lines. He was the only survivor of the plague that wiped out his village. Somehow, his body was able to mutate the pathogen, mold it to his own benefit. He had three sons, two of whom inherited their father's immortality and were bitten, one, Markus, by a bat, and the other, William, by a wolf, resulting in the vampire and werewolf lines. Corvinus's unnamed third son, who did not inherit immortality, also carried the Corvinus Strain as an exact duplicate of the original pathogen, hidden away in his genetic code and passed along to his human descendants through the centuries. This, according to Singe, is the key to creating a hybrid.
 
**Download — [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0P90](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0P90)**


 
In *Underworld: Evolution*, Selene takes Michael to a vampire safe house and plans to return to Viktor's estate to awaken Markus, the last vampire Elder. Before she can return, Markus confronts her, having been awakened by the blood of the lycan scientist, Singe, after he was killed. Markus does not seem keen to help Selene and wishes to steal her memories for information. While on the run from Markus, Selene and Michael discover that Markus is the first vampire and that he plans to free his imprisoned brother, William, the first and most savage werewolf.
 
As shown in the film, the original werewolves were uncontrollable beasts, unable to retake human form once bitten. However, there was a single werewolf who gave birth to a human-looking child. This child carried a mutation of the original pathogen, permitting him to alternate between human and werewolf form. He was Lucian, dubbed by Viktor as "the first of the lycans".
 
The vampires used the lycans as slaves to be the guardians of their lairs during the daylight hours and labor during the night. However, Viktor's daughter, Sonja, and Lucian fell in love and she became pregnant. Lucian, the lycan leader, led a revolt after Viktor killed Sonja to prevent the blending of the species.
 
Vampire death dealer Selene escapes imprisonment to find herself in a world where humans have discovered the existence of both vampire and lycan clans, and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species.[2] Selene also learns that she has a hybrid daughter born while she was imprisoned, who has the ability to see through her parents' eyes. The same goes for Selene, who has the ability to see through the child's eyes and uses it to find her daughter.
 
On August 27, 2014, Lakeshore Entertainment announced plans to reboot the franchise. Cory Goodman was hired to write the script for the first film. Tom Rosenberg and Gary Lucchesi would be producers.[3] Later it was confirmed not to be a reboot but another entry in the series.[*citation needed*] The fifth film, originally tentatively titled *Underworld: Next Generation*, was in production with Kate Beckinsale reprising her role as Selene and Anna Foerster set to direct the fifth film in Prague in October. Theo James was set to reprise his role as David from the fourth film as the new lead, but said that "[his] involvement in it is... I think it's going to be very difficult to do that with these *Divergent* movies, and my other commitments." James however remained in the film to fulfill an option agreement.[4][5][6] In August 2015, it was reported by *Deadline Hollywood* that Tobias Menzies was cast in the film.[7][8] In September 2015, *Deadline* reported that Bradley James, Clementine Nicholson, and Lara Pulver were also cast.[9][10][11]
 
A crossover with the film *I, Frankenstein* (2014) was planned by Kevin Grevioux, co-creator of the *Underworld* franchise and creator of the *I, Frankenstein* graphic novel. He stated in an interview that, in an early draft of his screenplay, Beckinsale would have made a post-credit cameo appearance as Selene and that there would have been *Underworld* easter eggs, but none of this was used.[14]

In October 2016, Kate Beckinsale stated that a crossover film between *Underworld* and the *Blade* franchise, featuring Wesley Snipes reprising his role as Blade, had been in development and discussed with Marvel Comics the previous year,[15][16] but was declined after Marvel Studios regained the film rights to the character and planned to introduce him into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.[17]
 
*Underworld: Endless War* is a 2011 animated film, which includes three individual short films beginning in 1890 and leading up to the events of *Underworld: Awakening*. The film follows Selene as she hunts down a group of three lycan brothers in three separate time periods.
 
In October 2014, Wiseman announced plans to expand the film series into a franchise with the possibility of spin-offs in addition to a television series.[18][19] In January 2016, the filmmaker confirmed that he is still developing the series though there is no timetable for when it will debut. He stated that the series will explore characters that tie into the film series.[20]
 
The series officially entered development in September 2017. Wiseman was announced to return to the franchise as executive producer. The filmmaker stated that the series will be a "pretty big departure from the films", specifying that the tone and character of the show will be different. The series will be a joint-venture production between Sony Pictures Television, Screen Gems, Sketch Films, Lakeshore Entertainment, and 20th Century Television.[21]
 
In September 2003, shortly after the release of *Underworld*, production companies Screen Gems and Lakeshore planned to release a prequel as the third film following *Underworld*'s sequel, *Underworld: Evolution*. Kate Beckinsale, who portrayed Selene in *Underworld*, expressed interest in reprising her role for the sequel and the prequel.[22]
 
In December 2005, *Underworld: Evolution* director Len Wiseman explained that the *Underworld* franchise was originally conceived as a trilogy. Wiseman said, "We sort of mapped out an entire history and story... a massive collection of ideas and stories that we're putting out at certain times." Wiseman anticipated creating a third installment for the franchise based on the audiences' reception of *Underworld: Evolution*, which would be released the following month.[23]
 
In a June 2006 interview, Wiseman said, "The third film is going to be a prequel. It will be the origin story and we find out things we didn't know about Lucian; he'll have a much bigger part in it. It will be about the creation [of the races] and what started the war. It will be a period piece. The film will also focus for the first time through the lycans' point of view." The director also shared, "In terms of the writing, a lot of the writing has been done. We've been developing *Underworld 3* for a while. I won't be directing *Underworld: Rise of the Lycans*; I'm just going to be producing and writing." When asked if Kate Beckinsale would reprise her role as Selene in the prequel, Wiseman said, "It will be in the time period before, but it will overlap into the creation of her as well. We're in the process of seeing how far we go with that."[24] The following October, actor Michael Sheen, who portrays Lucian in the film series, expressed interest in being part of the prequel.[25]
 
*The Hollywood Reporter* announced that the film would be written by Danny McBride and mark the directorial dbut of Patrick Tatopoulos, who designed the creature effects for all three *Underworld* films. Len Wiseman would produce, and contribute to the writing of this film, but would not direct, nor would Kate Beckinsale reprise her lead role of Selene nor would Scott Speedman reprise his role of Michael. In late September 2007, scribes Dirk Blackman and Howard McCain were brought on board and delivered a draft on November 3, mere days before the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike.[26] Pre-production began shortly thereafter.
 
Filming for *Underworld: Awakening* began in March 2011 at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, British Columbia. *Underworld: Awakening* was the first film to be shot using RED EPIC digital cameras in 3D.[27]
 
A *Half-Life* mod titled *Underworld: Bloodline* was released in 2003.[46] An action game based on the first film titled *Underworld: The Eternal War* was scheduled for release on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles in 2004, but it only saw release for the PlayStation 2 in Europe, and was cancelled in all other regions.[47]
 a2f82b0cb4
 
