
 
A **portable media player** (**PMP**) or **digital audio player** (**DAP**) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files.[1][2] The data is typically stored on a compact disc (CD), Digital Versatile Disc (DVD), Blu-ray Disc (BD), flash memory, microdrive, SD cards or hard drive; most earlier PMPs used physical media, but modern players mostly use flash memory. In contrast, analogue portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analogue media, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records.
 
Digital audio players (DAP) were often marketed as **MP3 players** even if they also supported other file formats and media types.[3][4] The PMP term was introduced later for devices that had additional capabilities such as video playback. Generally speaking, they are portable, employing internal or replaceable batteries, equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack which can be used for headphones or to connect to a boombox, shelf stereo system, or connect to car audio and home stereos wired or via a wireless connection such as Bluetooth. Some players also include radio tuners, voice recording and other features.
 
**Download File · [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0P9Z](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0P9Z)**


 
DAPs appeared in the late 1990s following the creation of the MP3 codec in Germany. MP3-playing devices were mostly pioneered by South Korean startups, who by 2002 would control the majority of global sales.[5] However the industry would eventually be defined by the popular Apple iPod.[6] In 2006, 20% of Americans owned a PMP, a figure strongly driven by the young; more than half (54%) of American teens owned one, as did 30% of young adults aged 18 to 34.[7] In 2007, 210 million PMPs were sold worldwide, worth US$19.5 billion.[8] In 2008, video-enabled players would overtake audio-only players.[9] Increasing sales of smartphones and tablet computers have led to a decline in sales of PMPs,[10][11] leading to most devices being phased out, such as the iPod Touch on May 10, 2022, though certain flagship devices like the Sony Walkman are still in production. Portable DVD and BD players are still manufactured.[12]
 
Some MP3 players can encode directly to MP3 or other digital audio formats directly from a line-level audio signal (radio, voice, etc.).[*citation needed*] Devices such as CD players can be connected to the MP3 player (using the USB port) in order to directly play music from the memory of the player without the use of a computer.[*citation needed*]
 
Modular MP3 keydrive players are composed of two detachable parts: the head (or reader/writer) and the body (the memory). They can be independently obtained and upgradable (one can change the head or the body; i.e. to add more memory).[*citation needed*]
 
British scientist Kane Kramer invented the first digital audio player,[16] which he called the IXI.[17] His 1979 prototypes were capable of up to one hour of audio playback but did not enter commercial production. His UK patent application was not filed until 1981 and was issued in 1985 in the UK and 1987 in the US.[18] However, in 1988 Kramer's failure to raise the 60,000 required to renew the patent meant it entered the public domain.[19] Apple Inc. hired Kramer as a consultant and presented his work as an example of prior art in the field of digital audio players during their litigation with Burst.com almost two decades later.[20] In 2008, Apple acknowledged Kramer as the inventor of the digital audio player[16][21]
 
The Listen Up Player was released in 1996 by Audio Highway, an American company led by Nathan Schulhof. It could store up to an hour of music, but despite getting an award at CES 1997 only 25 of the devices were made.[22][23] That same year AT&T developed the FlashPAC digital audio player which initially used AT&T's Perceptual Audio Coder (PAC)[24] for music compression, but in 1997 switched to AAC.[25] At about the same time AT&T also developed an internal Web-based music streaming service that had the ability to download music to FlashPAC.[26] AAC and such music downloading services later formed the foundation for the Apple iPod and iTunes.[27]
 
MP3 was introduced as an audio coding standard in 1994. It was based on several audio data compression techniques, including the modified discrete cosine transform (MDCT), FFT and psychoacoustic methods.[30] MP3 became a popular standard format and as a result most digital audio players after this supported it and hence were often called **MP3 players**.
 
While popularly being called MP3 players at the time, most players could play more than just the MP3 file format. Players also sometimes supported Windows Media Audio (WMA), Advanced Audio Coding (AAC), Vorbis, FLAC, Speex and Ogg.

The first portable MP3 player was launched in 1997 by SaeHan Information Systems,[31] which sold its MPMan F10 player in South Korea in spring 1998.[32][33] In mid-1998, the South Korean company licensed the players for North American distribution to Eiger Labs, which rebranded them as the EigerMan F10 and F20.[34] The flash-based players were available in 32 MB or 64 MB (6 or 12 songs) storage capacity and had a LCD screen to tell the user the song currently playing.
 
The first car audio hard drive-based MP3 player was also released in 1997 by MP32Go and was called the MP32Go Player. It consisted of a 3 GB IBM 2.5" hard drive that was housed in a trunk-mounted enclosure connected to the car's radio system. It retailed for $599 and was a commercial failure.[35]
 
The Rio PMP300 from Diamond Multimedia was introduced in September 1998, a few months after the MPMan, and also featured a 32 MB storage capacity. It was a success during the holiday season, with sales exceeding expectations.[36] Interest and investment in digital music were subsequently spurred from it.[37] The RIAA soon filed a lawsuit alleging that the device abetted illegal copying of music, but Diamond won a legal victory on the shoulders of *Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.* and MP3 players were ruled legal devices. Because of the player's notoriety as the target of a major lawsuit,[38] the Rio is erroneously assumed to be the first digital audio player.[39]
 
Eiger Labs and Diamond went on to establish a new segment in the portable audio player market and the following year saw several new manufacturers enter this market. The PMP300 would be the start of the Rio line of players. Noticeably, major technology companies did not catch on with the new technology, and instead young startups would come to dominate the early era of MP3 players.
 
Other early MP3 portables included the Creative Labs Nomad and the RCA Lyra. These portables were small and light, but had only enough memory to hold around 7 to 20 songs at normal 128 kbit/s compression rates. They also used slower parallel port connections to transfer files from PC to player, necessary as most PCs then used the Windows 95 and NT operating systems, which did not have native support for USB connections.
 
In 1999 the first hard drive based DAP using a 2.5" laptop drive, the Personal Jukebox (PJB-100) designed by Compaq and released by Hango Electronics Co with 4.8 GB storage, which held about 1,200 songs, and pioneered what would be called the jukebox segment of digital music portables.[40] This segment eventually became the dominant type of digital music player.
 
Also at the end of 1999 the first in-dash MP3 player appeared. The Empeg Car[a] offered players in several capacities ranging from 5 to 28 GB. The unit did not catch on and was discontinued in the fall of 2001.
 
For the next couple of years, there were offerings from South Korean companies, namely the startups iRiver (brand of Reigncom), Mpio (brand of DigitalWay) and Cowon. At its peak, these Korean makers held as much as 40% world market share in MP3 players.[41] These manufacturers however lost their way after 2004 as they failed to compete with new iPods. By 2006 they were also overtaken by the South Korean giant Samsung Electronics.[42]
 
Sony entered the digital audio player market in 1999 with the Vaio Music Clip and Memory Stick Walkman,[43] however they were technically not MP3 players as it did not support the MP3 format but instead Sony's own ATRAC format and WMA. The company's first MP3-supporting Walkman player did not come until 2004.[44] Over the years, various hard-drive-based and flash-based DAPs and PMPs have been released under the Walkman range.
 
The Samsung YEPP line was first released in 1999 with the aim of making the smallest music players on the market.[45] In 2000, Creative released the 6 GB hard-drive-based Creative NOMAD Jukebox. The name borrowed the jukebox metaphor popularised by *Remote Solution*, also used by *Archos*. Later players in the Creative NOMAD range used microdrives rather than laptop drives. In October 2000, South Korean software company Cowon Systems released their first MP3 player, the CW100, under the brand name iAUDIO. In December 2000, some months after the Creative's *NOMAD Jukebox*, Archos released its *Jukebox 6000* with a 6 GB hard drive. Philips also released a player called the Rush.[46]
 
On 23 October 2001, Apple Computer unveiled the first generation iPod, a 5 GB hard drive based DAP with a 1.8" hard drive and a 2" monochrome display. With the development of a spartan user interface and a smaller form factor, the iPod was initially popular within the Macintosh community. In July 2002, Apple introduced the second generation update to the iPod, which was compatible with Windows computers through Musicmatch Jukebox. iPods quickly became the most popular DAP product and led the fast growth of this market during the early and mid 2000s.
 
In 2002, Archos released the first portable media player (PMP), the Archos Jukebox Multimedia[47] with a little 1.5" colour scre