The middle east region with most games have a high ping issue that make some games unplayable or give you a major disadvantage due to the delay we are forced to play on Eu servers that give us 200ms or more and that makes most games frustrating especially first person shooters timing is important you cannot enjoy the game or climb in competitive due to having this handicap rocket league made middle east servers and many other games and even fortnite why is blizzard not doing this there is thousands of middle eastren gamers who play a lot of blizzard games and pay for many things in those games since 2005 or even before why is blizzard neglecting the issue with such a big player base without any response or news?
 
Middle East countries have far better internet connections .also learn to quote the right person lol . You seem to have zero knowledge as Turkey is considered to be in Europe and not Middle East . Atleast take some geographic classes before you show your ignorance . Clueless people .
 
**Download File  [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Q7X](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Q7X)**


 
I live in the Middle East region to be more specific I live in UAE/ Dubai and for some strange reason I am always auto connecting to Singapore servers which I get 97 MS and sometimes the game auto connects me to Japan servers which is 190 MS and it becomes very unplayable and an annoying experience. why can't we have the option to select manually which servers we want to play on and which we want to avoid? It's very irritating playing in a 190 ping and also I hate the players that are playing with me. They are mostly gamers from China. They are very horrible players at this game from my expereince. I never seen ANY twitch or youtuber play with these type of players. They also hack quite often. It's just such a bad experience and I really wish someone from the dev team sees this post and helps with it please. 97 MS on singapore servers i'm fine with but sometimes I get 190 MS east asian servers why? Europe has a better ping than east asian ping. Europe is around 130 or 140 MS and even singapore is better with 97 ms. Please help us with this issue. I'm on console btw so it's not so easy to change servers through the router or game files as it is on PC
 
most people won't care about this post since they already live in a region with the server located in their current place. So it's not a big deal for the majority of people on this forum but i'm speaking for the minority that play in my region or country. It's seriously an awful experience and I want to direct this post to the devs or mods of this forum. Seriously you guys have no idea how bad it is for us here. Extreme lag, awful experience with the Chinese players and also they hack pretty often. you guys have to allow us the option to manually select and avoud certain servers. Don't just think about players in the U.S and Eu region. Think of the Asian territory as well since it's the biggest continent on earth with the biggest population.
 
if anybody has a suggestion on how to change servers on console please feel free to share your method. i'm all ears. Can't stand this server to be honest. So much lag and just a horrible experience overall
 
Idk, I noticed when I get 97 or 100MS it's players from Thailand I see in my team. so that means they are in South east asia which means we are getting connected to Singapore server because I saw DBD has servers in Singapore and Japan only in the Asian territory. When I get 190 MS I see players in game with Chinese symbols as their name so I instantly know i'm on their server. I have a 100 MB download connection maybe that's why I get a lower ping than yours?
 
It would be best to encourage Amazon to open more servers in new locations; that's who Bvhr uses for dedicated servers. If your country or region has a high general population but a lower player population, that would determine whether or not a server is worth the cost. Devs favor the players, and your region/market may not have enough players. AWS is limited in expanding due to local laws that make it cost-prohibitive or too cumbersome to set up shop. Some jurisdictions require data to be kept exclusively on local territory, and it becomes expensive to do that so they won't bother.

It's a dice roll. LOL best way to put it. If you get a ping of 97 MS that means you're playing on singapore server. If u get a ping of 190 or 200+ it means it's japan or somewhere in the far east. You can even have evidence with players in game name. I see mostly Chinese players when I get 190 MS. It's such an awful experience. They love to hack in game. They also are bad players that ruin your game experience by trolling you, Sandbagging. It's already frustrating playing in 190 MS and they want to ruin the experience more by trolling the match??
 
the devs imo should allow us to manually select a server regardless of the ping we have. I mean we obviously wouldn't want to play in a ping of more than 150 ms let's be honest here but if they gave us the option to manually select this game would be in a MUCH better state than it currently is. Think about it. The people that complain about long queue times won't struggle with that anymore. There are also negatives of this but I see mostly a positive outcome from manually being able to select a server rather than have it auto connect for you.
 
Amazon doesn't offer anything in ME; it looks like the closet is Mumbai. However, Bvhr may not have enough players in that region to justify the expense and split up the player base even more by introducing a new server location there.
 
I think we got Microsoft AZURE here for servers. Some games have servers here for example, Rainbow six siege on PC and playstation have server in my place and Call of duty has servers here to. But not many games. These are the 2 biggest examples I can think of currently
 
I'm not a big fan of that because people always select the US or EU servers due to higher player populations, which ruins those players' experience. I don't want high ping killers in my lobbies because they chose my server. Dbd provides a competitive advantage for The Killer since hits are still handled on the killer's end; experiencing higher ping killers from other markets would be terrible.
 
It might have been like that before but now it actually doesn't go in favor of the killer with the high ping ever since bhvr fixed the issue of that advantage. now the survivors have more priority with pallet stuns and dead hard is more consistent in their favour. so I disagree with your point but at some time your point made sense here. Now when killer plays high ping he gets a disadvantage. Fake pallet stuns on him, not getting hit before a survivor throws a pallet and also dead hard buff.
 
see even if I had the option to manually select a server I would never choose a server with a ping higher than 150 MS because anything higher than that is unplayable. At least 140 or 130 is a bit decent and playable compared to what I play at 190 MS. which is just frustrating and the worst experience ever
 
Dead Hard and Pallet Stun Validation have nothing to do with hits. Hits are still handled on the killer's end, this is directly from the devs. Ultimately, the killer still has a tremendous advantage over the survivor in this regard.
 
That's you, but there are people who would intentionally choose another server for a competitive advantage. It is unfortunate but they seem to be happy with the status quo of I think 80 or 90% of people at 150 or less? I don't see much movement on that front.
 
the server that I play on. Specifically the East Asian server has a lot of hackers from China and also griefers. Sandbaggin, trolling. When I watch streamers that live in EU or U.S I never seen them face these kinds of players. on top of that extreme lag which both come in hand to hand as a frustrating experience.
 
Have you tried turning off Cross play to see if that helps? I'm on PlayStation and my games are much better with cross play off. Yeah, that's really unfortunate that you're experiencing that. That's been my experience with some other games, you run into lots of hackers, cheaters and lagers from certain regions.
 
They said rent for servers in dubai 15x more expensive than for Eu servers. Ok EFT make server in sharjah or in any other middle eastern country then. U are not small game u are most realistic shooter u must make a server for us Im nnot currenly playing because dont want to get killed with ping 120. My heart is broken
 
i have bought the game since it came out since , and till this day i cant even play straight 2 days in a row because of the frustration of playing on the nearest server which is EU with a ping of 120 + all we are asking for is please make a ME server for the GCC countries = gulf countries to be based in dubai or any country around dubai like KSA / KUWAIT / ETC so the whole region here can have the right experience of the game and grow the community and the players here , although yoou have alot of players here which are in this region and many many many more which still didnt buy the game because of the ping issue. please consider adding a server here , as other games which managed to add servers here cod / fornite / and alot more cuz they knew how much is this region big especially with gamers .
 
Simple case of, no server = low player count. A real life example of this would be League of legends.
The mobile version has garnered more players due it having/supporting a Middle eastern server, whereas the base PC version of the game does not. Therefore, the game has seen alot more players. I have 3000 hours, and I am deterred by the fact that there aren't
 
Devs that develop FPSes seemed to have undersood the importance and crucial aspect of having lower latencies that curb issues that plague FPSes when otherwise, like hit reg, dying behind cov